# WikiSection Dataset

Paper: https://aclanthology.org/Q19-1011/
Download: https://github.com/sebastianarnold/WikiSection

## Setup
Run wikisection.iypnb to download and preprocess the dataset.

## Label Descriptions
We used wikisectionlabels.ipynb to generate instructions 'de_labels.txt', 'en_labels.txt'.
These prompts were used to generate descriptions with LLMs.

## What is the WikiSection Dataset?

This dataset contains 38k full-text documents from English and German Wikipedia annotated with sections. Each sections contains two labels: the original unfolded section heading given by the Wikipedia editor (e.g. `Treatment | Surgery`), and a normalized section class label (e.g. `disease.treatment`).

The WikiSection task is to assign each sentence in the document a corresponding section class in which the sentence appears. The document text itself does not contain structure information, such as sections, subsections, paragraphs or headlines. Newline characters are included and occur between sections as well as inside sections.

The documents originate from Wikipedia dumps.

## Data Set Statistics

The following table shows the characteristics of the four subsets:

| dataset     | **en_disease** | **de_disease** | **en_city** | **de_city** | **total** |
| ----------- | -------------: | -------------: | ----------: | ----------: | --------: |
| language    |        English |         German |     English |      German |           |
| instanceof  |         Q12136 |         Q12136 |        Q515 |        Q515 |           |
|             |                |                |             |             |           |
| # docs      |          3,590 |          2,323 |      19,539 |      12,537 |   **38k** |
| # sections  |         27,838 |         14,784 |     133,642 |      65,907 |  **242k** |
| # sentences |        209,885 |        106,198 |   1,104,619 |     500,100 |  **1.9M** |
|             |                |                |             |             |           |
| # heaadings |          ~8.5k |          ~6.1k |      ~23.0k |      ~12.2k |           |
| # classes   |             27 |             25 |          30 |          27 |           |
| coverage    |          94.6% |          89.5% |       96.6% |       96.1% |           |

## Labels

| **en_disease**  | **de_disease**  | **en_city**           | **de_city**           |
| --------------- | --------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
| cause           | definition      | architecture          | architektur           |
| classification  | diagnose        | climate               | bildung               |
| complication    | epidemiologie   | crime                 | demografie            |
| culture         | fauna           | culture               | erholung              |
| diagnosis       | forschung       | demography            | etymologie            |
| epidemiology    | genetik         | district              | gemeinde              |
| etymology       | geographie      | economics             | gemeindepartnerschaft |
| fauna           | geschichte      | education             | geographie            |
| genetics        | infektion       | environment           | geschichte            |
| geography       | kategorisierung | etymology             | infrastruktur         |
| history         | klinik          | facility              | kirche                |
| infection       | komplikation    | faith                 | klima                 |
| management      | mensch          | geography             | kriminalität          |
| mechanism       | organe          | health                | kultur                |
| medication      | pathologie      | history               | menschen              |
| pathology       | prävalenz       | infrastructure        | politik               |
| pathophysiology | prognose        | international_affairs | presse                |
| prevention      | risiko          | law                   | regierung             |
| prognosis       | symptom         | media                 | religion              |
| research        | terminologie    | overview              | sport                 |
| risk            | therapie        | people                | stadtlandschaft       |
| screening       | ursache         | politics              | stadtviertel          |
| surgery         | verlauf         | recreation            | tourismus             |
| symptom         | vorbeugung      | science               | überblick             |
| tomography      | sonstiges       | sights                | verkehr               |
| treatment       |                 | society               | wirtschaft            |
| other           |                 | sport                 | sonstiges             |
|                 |                 | tourism               |                       |
|                 |                 | transport             |                       |
|                 |                 | other                 |                       |

# Evaluation

Maybe only cover category=city ? We already have medical domain in pubmed200k.

## Label definitions

For our benchmark, we only consider the city labels in german and english.
The label definitions are written by us as the authors do not provide such descriptions.

```
en_city = {
    "transport": "Transport refers to the systems and infrastructure that enable the movement of people and goods from one location to another. This encompasses various modes of transportation, including roadways, railways, airways, waterways and other. Transport systems play a crucial role in connecting communities, facilitating trade and commerce, and enabling people to access essential services and opportunities.",
    "people": "The category people refers to individuals who have a significant connection to a particular place, often due to their birth, residence, or notable contributions. These individuals can encompass a wide range of professions, backgrounds and accomplishments.",
    "architecture": "The category architecture encompasses the design and construction of buildings and other physical structures. It includes a wide range of styles, periods, and purposes, reflecting both aesthetic and functional considerations.",
    "health": "The category health encompasses descriptions of healthcare facilities, services, and programs available in a particular location. Health refers to the description of the healthcare system and resources available to residents of a particular area. This includes hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare facilities, as well as public health programs and initiatives.",
    "culture": "The category culture encompasses descriptions of the shared values, beliefs, practices, and expressions that characterize a particular community or society. Culture refers to the shared practices, expressions, values, and beliefs that define a community or society. It encompasses the ways in which people live, interact, and make sense of the world around them.",
    "economics": "The category economics encompasses descriptions of the economic activities, structures, and conditions within a particular region. Economics refers to the description of the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services within a specific geographic area. It encompasses the various economic activities, resources, and conditions that shape the financial well-being of a region.",
    "etymology": "The category etymology encompasses the study of the origin and historical development of words, particularly place names. It delves into the linguistic roots, meanings, and transformations of words over time, offering insights into the history, culture, and language of a region. Etymology refers to the investigation of the origin and historical development of words, especially place names. It involves tracing the linguistic roots and evolution of words to understand their meaning and how they have changed over time. ",
    "tourism": "The category tourism encompasses descriptions of attractions, activities, and infrastructure that draw visitors to a particular place. It includes natural wonders, historical sites, cultural experiences, recreational opportunities, and amenities that cater to the needs of travelers. Tourism refers to the activities of people traveling to and staying in places outside their usual environment for leisure, business, or other purposes. It encompasses the attractions, activities, and infrastructure that cater to the needs and interests of visitors.",
    "facility": "The category facility encompasses descriptions of structures, systems, and services that provide essential functions and amenities for a community. This includes infrastructure for utilities, communication, transportation, healthcare, commerce, and other public services. Facility refers to a place, structure, or system that is designed to serve a specific purpose or provide a particular service to a community. This includes infrastructure for essential services, public buildings, commercial establishments, and other places that support the needs of the population.",
    "education": "The category education encompasses descriptions of educational institutions, programs, and opportunities available in a particular area. This includes schools at all levels, from primary to tertiary, as well as specialized training programs and other educational resources. Education refers to the institutions, programs, and activities involved in the process of imparting knowledge, skills, and values to individuals. This includes formal schooling at all levels, as well as informal learning opportunities and educational resources available in a community.",
    "science": "The category science encompasses descriptions of scientific institutions, research activities, and natural phenomena related to a particular location. This includes research centers, observatories, scientific events, and notable natural features that are relevant to scientific inquiry. Science refers to the systematic study of the natural world through observation, experimentation, and analysis. In the context of a location, it encompasses the scientific institutions, research activities, and natural phenomena that contribute to our understanding of the world.",
    "history": "The category history encompasses descriptions of the past events, developments, and transformations that have shaped a particular place over time. It includes significant milestones, historical figures, cultural shifts, and other noteworthy occurrences that have contributed to the present-day identity of the location. History refers to the record of past events and developments that have shaped a particular location or region. It encompasses the chronological narrative of the place, including its origins, major events, cultural shifts, and other noteworthy occurrences that have contributed to its present-day character.",
    "law": "The category law encompasses descriptions of law enforcement agencies, legal institutions, and community safety initiatives within a particular jurisdiction. This includes police departments, courts, correctional facilities, and programs aimed at crime prevention and public safety. Law refers to the system of rules and regulations that govern conduct and maintain order within a society. In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the law enforcement agencies, legal institutions, and community safety initiatives that work together to uphold the law and ensure public safety.",
    "faith": "The category faith encompasses descriptions of religious beliefs, practices, and institutions within a particular community. This includes various faiths and denominations, places of worship, religious leaders, and significant events or figures related to the spiritual life of the people. Faith refers to the belief in and worship of a supernatural power or deity, or an overarching system of beliefs, values, and practices to which people adhere. In the context of a location, it encompasses the various religions, denominations, and spiritual traditions that are practiced by the people, as well as the institutions and leaders that support their faith.",
    "demography": "The category demography encompasses the statistical study of populations, focusing on their size, structure, and distribution, as well as how these characteristics change over time. It provides a quantitative understanding of the human population and its dynamics. Demography refers to the statistical study of human populations, especially with reference to size, density, distribution, and vital statistics (births, 1  deaths, marriages, etc.). It provides a quantitative understanding of the characteristics and dynamics of populations.",
    "other": "The category other serves as a miscellaneous collection of information that is relevant to the place but does not fit neatly into any of the predefined categories. It acts as a catch-all for interesting facts, trivia, and unique details that contribute to a comprehensive understanding of the location. Other is a miscellaneous category that encompasses information relevant to the place but not fitting into any of the other defined categories. It serves as a repository for interesting facts, trivia, and unique details that enrich the overall understanding of the location.",
    "media": "The category media encompasses the various channels and platforms used to disseminate information and entertainment to the public. This includes traditional media such as newspapers, magazines, television, and radio, as well as digital media like online news sites, blogs, and social media. Media refers to the various channels of communication that are used to disseminate news, information, entertainment, and other content to a wide audience. This includes print media, broadcast media, and online media, as well as the organizations and individuals involved in producing and distributing this content.",
    "geography": "The category geography encompasses descriptions of the physical and environmental characteristics of a location, including its location, terrain, climate, and natural features. It provides a comprehensive understanding of the place's position on Earth and its relationship to the surrounding environment. Geography refers to the study of the Earth's physical features, climate, and human activity as it affects and is affected by these, including the distribution of populations and resources, land use, and industries. In the context of a specific location, it describes the place's position on Earth, its natural environment, and its relationship to surrounding areas.",
    "sights": "The category sights encompasses descriptions of noteworthy places, landmarks, and attractions that are visually or culturally significant. This includes natural wonders, historical structures, museums, monuments, and other points of interest that draw visitors and contribute to the character of a place. Sights refers to places, landmarks, or objects that are of visual, historical, or cultural interest. They are noteworthy features of a location that attract attention, provide aesthetic pleasure, or offer insights into the area's past, present, or cultural identity.",
    "international_affairs": "The category international_affairs encompasses descriptions of a location's relationships and interactions with other countries or international entities. This includes sister city partnerships, international agreements, participation in global organizations, and other forms of international cooperation. International_affairs refers to the interactions and relationships between a location (such as a city, region, or country) and other countries or international entities. It encompasses a wide range of activities, including diplomacy, trade, cultural exchange, and cooperation on global issues.",
    "overview": "The category overview provides a concise and comprehensive summary of various aspects of a location, highlighting key features, historical context, and interesting facts that may not fit neatly into other specific categories. It offers a general introduction to the place and its unique characteristics. Overview refers to a concise and general description of a location, highlighting its key features, history, culture, and other noteworthy aspects. It provides a broad understanding of the place and its unique characteristics.",
    "infrastructure": "The category infrastructure encompasses the basic physical and organizational structures and facilities needed for the operation of a society or enterprise. This 1 includes the essential systems and services that support a community or organization, such as transportation, utilities, communication, healthcare, and public safety. Infrastructure refers to the underlying foundation or basic framework of a system or organization. In the context of a city or region, it encompasses the essential physical and organizational structures and facilities that enable it to function effectively, including transportation networks, utilities, communication systems, and public services.",
    "district": "The category district encompasses descriptions of specific areas or divisions within a larger geographic entity, such as a city, region, or country. These districts may be defined by administrative boundaries, historical significance, cultural characteristics, or economic functions. District refers to a defined area or division within a larger geographic entity, often with a specific function, character, or purpose. Districts can be administrative units, historical neighborhoods, cultural zones, or areas with distinct economic activities.",
    "environment": "The category environment encompasses descriptions of the natural and built surroundings of a location, including its climate, natural resources, environmental issues, and infrastructure related to environmental management. Environment refers to the natural world and its surroundings, including the living and non-living components that interact to create the conditions for life. In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the climate, natural resources, environmental issues, and human activities that impact the natural world.",
    "society": "The category society encompasses descriptions of the social structures, institutions, and communities that make up a particular place. It includes aspects of social life, demographics, cultural practices, and historical events that have shaped the social fabric of the community. Society refers to the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community. In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the social structures, institutions, and shared values that shape the lives and interactions of its inhabitants.",
    "climate": "The category climate encompasses descriptions of the long-term weather patterns and atmospheric conditions characteristic of a particular location. It includes factors such as temperature, precipitation, humidity, wind, and sunshine, as well as their seasonal variations and any notable weather events. Climate refers to the long-term average weather patterns in a particular region or area. It includes factors such as temperature, precipitation, humidity, wind, and sunshine, as well as their seasonal variations and any characteristic weather events.",
    "politics": "The category politics encompasses the systems of governance, political processes, and administrative structures that exist within a particular location. It includes information about political leaders, elections, administrative divisions, and the ways in which power is exercised and decisions are made. Politics refers to the activities associated with the governance of a country or area, especially the debate or conflict among individuals or parties having or hoping to achieve 1  power. In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the political systems, processes, and institutions that shape the exercise of power and decision-making",
    "recreation": "The category recreation encompasses descriptions of leisure activities, facilities, and natural spaces that provide opportunities for relaxation, enjoyment, and physical activity. It includes parks, recreational areas, sports facilities, entertainment venues, and other resources that contribute to the well-being and quality of life in a community. Recreation refers to activities done for enjoyment when one is not working. In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the places, facilities, and opportunities that allow people to engage in leisure activities, relax, and improve their physical and mental well-being.",
    "sport": "The category sport encompasses descriptions of the sporting activities, facilities, events, and culture within a particular location. It includes information about popular sports, professional and amateur teams, significant sporting events, and the role of sports in the community. Sport refers to an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment. 1  In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the various sports, teams, facilities, and events that are part of the community's recreational and competitive landscape.",
    "crime": "The category crime encompasses descriptions of criminal activity, law enforcement responses, and notable criminal events within a specific location. It includes information about crime rates, types of crime, significant incidents, and the overall safety and security of the area. Crime refers to an action or omission that constitutes an offense that may be prosecuted by the state and is punishable by law. 1  In the context of a specific location, it encompasses the occurrence of criminal activities, law enforcement efforts to address crime, and the overall level of public safety and security."
}
```

```
de_city = {
    "architektur": "Die Kategorie Architektur umfasst Beschreibungen von Bauwerken und deren Umgebung. Architektur bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von menschengemachten Strukturen und deren physischen Kontext. Dies beinhaltet sowohl die ästhetischen und stilistischen Merkmale der Bauwerke selbst als auch ihre historische Bedeutung, Funktionalität und räumliche Einordnung.",
    "bildung": "Die Kategorie Bildung umfasst Beschreibungen von Bildungseinrichtungen und deren Besonderheiten. Bildung bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von Institutionen und Einrichtungen, die der Vermittlung von Wissen und Fähigkeiten dienen. Dies umfasst verschiedene Bildungsniveaus, von der Grundschule bis zur Universität, sowie die unterschiedlichen Fachbereiche und Spezialisierungen.",
    "demografie": "Die Kategorie Demografie umfasst Beschreibungen der Bevölkerung eines bestimmten Gebiets und deren Zusammensetzung. Demografie bezieht sich auf die statistische Beschreibung einer Bevölkerung. Dies umfasst die Erfassung und Analyse von Daten wie Bevölkerungszahl, -dichte, -zusammensetzung und -entwicklung. Demografische Daten liefern Informationen über die Struktur und Dynamik einer Bevölkerung und sind relevant für verschiedene Bereiche wie Politik, Wirtschaft und Sozialwissenschaften.",
    "erholung": "Die Kategorie Erholung umfasst Beschreibungen von Orten, Einrichtungen und Aktivitäten, die der Entspannung, Freizeitgestaltung und dem Vergnügen dienen. Erholung bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von Möglichkeiten, die Menschen nutzen können, um sich von der Arbeit und dem Alltag zu erholen und ihre Freizeit zu genießen. Dazu gehören sowohl natürliche Umgebungen als auch von Menschen geschaffene Einrichtungen und Aktivitäten.",
    "etymologie": "Die Kategorie Etymologie umfasst die Beschreibung der Herkunft und der historischen Entwicklung von Namen, insbesondere von Ortsnamen. Etymologie bezieht sich auf die Erklärung der Herkunft und Entwicklung von Namen. Sie befasst sich mit der sprachlichen Analyse und historischen Rekonstruktion von Wörtern, um ihre ursprüngliche Bedeutung und Veränderungen im Laufe der Zeit zu verfolgen. Im Kontext von Ortsnamen liefert die Etymologie Einblicke in die Geschichte, Kultur und sprachliche Vielfalt einer Region.",
    "gemeinde": "Die Kategorie Gemeinde umfasst Beschreibungen der administrativen Gliederung und Zusammensetzung von Städten, Dörfern oder Regionen. Gemeinde bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der kleinsten selbstverwalteten Einheit in einem staatlichen Gebiet. Sie umfasst die Zusammensetzung aus einzelnen Ortsteilen, die administrative Zugehörigkeit und die historische Entwicklung der Gemeinde sowie Wappen und Symbole, die sie repräsentieren.",
    "gemeindepartnerschaft": "Die Kategorie Gemeindepartnerschaft beschreibt die offiziellen Beziehungen zwischen zwei Städten oder Gemeinden in verschiedenen Ländern oder Regionen. Gemeindepartnerschaft bezieht sich auf die formelle Beziehung zwischen zwei Gemeinden in verschiedenen Ländern oder Regionen, die auf einem Partnerschaftsvertrag basiert. Ziel ist der kulturelle, soziale, wirtschaftliche und oft auch politische Austausch zwischen den Bürgern und Institutionen der Partnergemeinden.",
    "geographie": "Die Kategorie Geographie umfasst Beschreibungen der Lage, der Umgebung und der klimatischen Bedingungen eines Ortes. Geographie bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der erdkundlichen Merkmale eines Ortes. Dies umfasst die Lage, die physische Beschaffenheit (Landschaft, Gewässer), die klimatischen Bedingungen und die Beziehung zu anderen Orten.",
    "geschichte": "Die Kategorie Geschichte umfasst Beschreibungen der historischen Entwicklung eines Ortes oder einer Region. Geschichte bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der Vergangenheit eines Ortes oder einer Region. Sie umfasst die chronologische Darstellung von Ereignissen, Entwicklungen und Veränderungen, die den Ort zu dem gemacht haben, was er heute ist.",
    "infrastruktur": "Die Kategorie Infrastruktur umfasst Beschreibungen der Einrichtungen und Anlagen, die die Grundlage für das Funktionieren einer Stadt oder Region bilden. Infrastruktur bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der materiellen und immateriellen Einrichtungen, die die Grundlage für das Funktionieren einer Gesellschaft bilden. Dazu gehören Anlagen und Systeme der Versorgung, des Verkehrs, der Kommunikation und der öffentlichen Dienste.",
    "kirche": "Die Kategorie Kirche umfasst Beschreibungen von Kirchengebäuden und religiösen Einrichtungen, einschließlich ihrer Geschichte, Architektur, Ausstattung und Bedeutung. Kirche bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von Gebäuden, die für religiöse Zwecke genutzt werden, sowie auf die damit verbundenen Institutionen und Gemeinschaften. Dies umfasst die architektonischen, historischen und religiösen Aspekte der Kirche sowie ihre Bedeutung für die lokale Gemeinschaft.",
    "klima": "Die Kategorie Klima umfasst Beschreibungen der typischen Wetterbedingungen an einem bestimmten Ort über einen längeren Zeitraum. Klima bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung des durchschnittlichen Wettergeschehens an einem bestimmten Ort über einen längeren Zeitraum (mindestens 30 Jahre). Es umfasst die typischen Werte und Schwankungen von Temperatur, Niederschlag, Sonnenscheindauer, Luftfeuchtigkeit und anderen Wetterelementen sowie die Ausprägung der Jahreszeiten.",
    "kriminalität": "Die Kategorie Kriminalität umfasst Beschreibungen der Häufigkeit und Art von Straftaten in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Kriminalität bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung des Auftretens von Straftaten in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Dies umfasst die Erfassung und Analyse von Daten über die Häufigkeit und Art verschiedener Straftaten sowie die Beschreibung von besonderen Ereignissen mit kriminellem Hintergrund.",
    "kultur": "Die Kategorie Kultur umfasst Beschreibungen der kulturellen Einrichtungen, Veranstaltungen und Traditionen eines Ortes, die das Leben der Menschen dort prägen. Kultur bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der kulturellen Ausdrucksformen, Einrichtungen und Aktivitäten, die das Leben der Menschen in einem bestimmten Gebiet prägen. Dazu gehören Sprache, Bildung, Kunst, Traditionen, historische und kulturelle Stätten sowie kulturelle Einrichtungen.",
    "menschen": "Die Kategorie Menschen umfasst Beschreibungen von Personen, die in einer Beziehung zu einem bestimmten Ort stehen, sei es durch Geburt, Wohnort, Wirken oder andere Verbindungen. Menschen bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von Personen, die eine Verbindung zu einem bestimmten Ort haben. Dies umfasst ihre Lebensdaten, ihren Beruf oder ihre Tätigkeit, ihren Bezug zum Ort und ihre Bedeutung im lokalen, regionalen oder internationalen Kontext.",
    "politik": "Die Kategorie Politik umfasst Beschreibungen der politischen Strukturen, Vertreter und Prozesse in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Politik bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der politischen Organisation und der politischen Prozesse in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Dies umfasst die politischen Strukturen, die politischen Akteure, die Wahlen, die Regierung und Verwaltung sowie die politischen Themen und Herausforderungen.",
    "presse": "Die Kategorie Presse umfasst Beschreibungen von Medien, die Informationen und Nachrichten verbreiten, sowie von Unternehmen, die in der Medienbranche tätig sind.",
    "regierung": "Die Kategorie Regierung umfasst Beschreibungen der politischen Strukturen und der Verwaltung eines Gebiets, einschließlich der Personen und Prozesse, die daran beteiligt sind. Regierung bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der Institutionen und Personen, die die politische Macht in einem bestimmten Gebiet ausüben. Dies umfasst die Wahlen, die politischen Ämter, die Verwaltungsgliederung, die politischen Prozesse sowie die Aufgaben und Verantwortlichkeiten der Regierung.",
    "religion": "Die Kategorie Religion umfasst Beschreibungen der religiösen Gemeinschaften, Institutionen und Praktiken in einem bestimmten Gebiet.",
    "sport": "Die Kategorie Sport umfasst Beschreibungen von Sportarten, Sportstätten, Sportvereinen und Sportereignissen in einem bestimmten Gebiet.",
    "stadtlandschaft": "Die Kategorie Stadtlandschaft umfasst Beschreibungen der physischen Erscheinung und der charakteristischen Merkmale eines städtischen Gebiets. Stadtlandschaft bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung des visuellen Erscheinungsbildes und der räumlichen Struktur einer Stadt. Sie umfasst die Gebäude, Straßen, Plätze, die Infrastruktur, die Vegetation und andere Elemente, die das Bild der Stadt prägen.",
    "stadtviertel": "Die Kategorie Stadtviertel umfasst Beschreibungen von abgegrenzten Teilen einer Stadt, die sich durch ihre Geschichte, Funktion, Architektur oder Bevölkerungsstruktur auszeichnen. Stadtviertel bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung eines abgegrenzten Teils einer Stadt, der sich durch bestimmte gemeinsame Merkmale von anderen Stadtteilen unterscheidet. Diese Merkmale können historischer, funktionaler, architektonischer oder sozialer Natur sein.",
    "tourismus": "Die Kategorie Tourismus umfasst Beschreibungen von Orten, Sehenswürdigkeiten, Einrichtungen und Aktivitäten, die für Touristen von Interesse sein könnten. Tourismus bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung von Attraktionen, Einrichtungen und Aktivitäten, die Besucher in eine bestimmte Region locken. Dies umfasst Sehenswürdigkeiten, die touristische Infrastruktur und die Möglichkeiten zur Freizeitgestaltung.",
    "überblick": "Die Kategorie Überblick umfasst kurze, prägnante Beschreibungen oder Erwähnungen von interessanten Fakten, Ereignissen oder Besonderheiten, die mit einem Ort in Verbindung stehen, aber nicht in die anderen Kategorien passen. Überblick bezieht sich auf die Darstellung von kurzen, interessanten Informationen über einen Ort, die nicht in die anderen Kategorien passen. Diese Informationen können aus verschiedenen Bereichen stammen und dienen dazu, das Bild des Ortes zu ergänzen und zu vervollständigen.",
    "verkehr": "Die Kategorie Verkehr umfasst Beschreibungen der Verkehrsinfrastruktur und der Verkehrsanbindungen eines Ortes. Verkehr bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der Möglichkeiten, sich in und um einen bestimmten Ort fortzubewegen. Dies umfasst die Verkehrswege, die Verkehrsmittel, die Verkehrseinrichtungen und die Verkehrsanbindung an andere Orte.",
    "wirtschaft": "Die Kategorie Wirtschaft umfasst Beschreibungen der wirtschaftlichen Aktivitäten, Ressourcen und Unternehmen in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Wirtschaft bezieht sich auf die Beschreibung der wirtschaftlichen Aktivitäten und Strukturen in einem bestimmten Gebiet. Dies umfasst die vorherrschenden Wirtschaftszweige, die wichtigsten Unternehmen, die verfügbaren Ressourcen und die Situation auf dem Arbeitsmarkt.",
    "sonstiges": "Die Kategorie Sonstiges dient als Sammelbecken für Informationen, die für den Ort relevant, aber keiner der anderen Kategorien eindeutig zuzuordnen sind. Sonstiges ist eine Kategorie für Informationen, die für den Ort relevant sind, aber nicht eindeutig einer der anderen Kategorien zugeordnet werden können. Sie dient als Sammelbecken für verschiedene Arten von Informationen, die das Bild des Ortes ergänzen.",
}
```

en disease
{'medication', 'risk', 'fauna', 'culture', 'etymology', 'surgery', 'symptom', 'mechanism', 'infection', 'pathology', 'classification', 'tomography', 'history', 'pathophysiology', 'genetics', 'diagnosis', 'other', 'geography', 'cause', 'research', 'management', 'complication', 'screening', 'prevention', 'epidemiology', 'prognosis', 'treatment'}

de disease
{'kategorisierung', 'vorbeugung', 'mensch', 'fauna', 'prognose', 'geographie', 'risiko', 'symptom', 'geschichte', 'definition', 'therapie', 'ursache', 'pathologie', 'prävalenz', 'organe', 'infektion', 'komplikation', 'diagnose', 'klinik', 'verlauf', 'terminologie', 'sonstiges', 'genetik', 'epidemiologie', 'forschung'}
